people say to me I wonder what it'd be
like to be on a spaceship you don't
really realize you all live about a
beautiful little spaceship called Earth
[Music]
hey there I'll be down in a minute
this is the st. Peter's Lutheran youth
group
I'm specced welcome to the future
it's my Nana she says there's the
traditional way to live and then there's
the dynamic independently the way
Buckminster Fuller did every time man
make a new experiment he always led oh
that old lady's like your overlord she's
my guardian she made sure I stayed on
the right path Wow
what is it that you listen to honors you
better prepare yourself dude
[Music]
[Applause]
Sebastian what are you mumbling
there's nothing sorry now a trust my
sister Meredith she probably - it
totally sucks
I want to know more about pump hey this
is a bit yeah
where did you run off to business
why do you take so much medicine if
someone else's heart you could get
overworked why didn't you let me decide
what my heart can handle are you worried
about dying
hell no we got a start man
it's doing please don't downtown we're
playing a gag yekta right a gig where
the rash mothers oh nice hair
what is wrong with you can't keep him
locked up from the world
this place could be sick for another
night what is an overnight it's like a
party where people sleep over
[Applause]
[Music]
what would the future be I'm gonna
change the world
[Music]
you